CNI docs (#52)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/concepts/cni.md

  nodePortRange: 32768-35535
  kubeProxy:
    disabled: false
    mode: iptables
    metricsbindaddress: 0.0.0.0:10249
    iptables:
      masqueradebit: null
      masqueradeall: false
      localhostnodeports: null
      syncperiod:
        duration: 0s
      minsyncperiod:
        duration: 0s
    ipvs:
      syncperiod:
        duration: 0s
      minsyncperiod:
        duration: 0s
      scheduler: ""
      excludecidrs: []
      strictarp: false
      tcptimeout:
        duration: 0s
      tcpfintimeout:
        duration: 0s
      udptimeout:
        duration: 0s
    nodeportaddresses: []
  nllb:
    disabled: true
  cplb:
    disabled: true
  providers:
  - provider: calico
    enabled: true
    CALICO_DISABLE_FILE_LOGGING: true
    CALICO_STARTUP_LOGLEVEL: DEBUG
    FELIX_LOGSEVERITYSCREEN: DEBUG
    clusterCIDRIPv4: 192.168.0.0/16
    deployWithOperator: false
    enableWireguard: false
    ipAutodetectionMethod: null
    mode: vxlan
    overlay: Always
    vxlanPort: 4789
    vxlanVNI: 10000
  - provider: kuberouter
    enabled: false
    deployWithOperator: false
  - provider: custom
    enabled: false
    deployWithOperator: false
```

## Network configuration

> The following table includes the details on all of the configurable `network` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table includes details on all of the configurable `network` fields.
```

> | Field | Description | Valid values |  Default |

Reviewer: Too many uses of “valid”, suggesting changing the header to Values, and consider removing valid from the table values as well.

|-------|-------------|--------------|----------|
| `serviceCIDR` | Sets the IPv4 range of IP addresses for services in a Kubernetes cluster. | Valid IPv4 CIDR | `10.96.0.0/16` |
| `nodePortRange` | Sets the allowed port range for Kubernetes services of the NodePort type. | Valid port range | `32768-35535` |
| `providers` | Sets the provider for the active CNI. | `calico` | `calico` |

## Providers configuration

> The following table includes the details on the configurable settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table includes details on the configurable settings
```

for the Calico provider.

> | Field   | Description  | Valid values        |  Default     |

Reviewer: Same comment as in the table above.

|---------|--------------|---------------------|--------------|
| `enabled` | Sets the name of the external storage provider. AWS is currently the only available option. | `true` | `true` |
| `clusterCIDRIPv4` | Sets the IP pool in the Kubernetes cluster from which Pods are allocated. | Valid IPv4 CIDR | `192.168.0.0/16` |
| `ipAutodetectionMethod` | Sets the autodetecting method for the IPv4 address for the host. | Provider specific[^0] | None |

> | `mode` | Sets the ipv4 overlay networking mode. | `ipip`, `vxlan` | `vxlan` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `mode` | Sets the IPv4 overlay networking mode. | `ipip`, `vxlan` | `vxlan` |
```

| `vxlanPort` | Sets the VXLAN port for the VXLAN mode. | Valid port number | `4789` |
| `vxlanVNI` | Sets the VXLAN VNI for the VXLAN mode. | Valid VNI number | `10000` |
| `CALICO_STARTUP_LOGLEVEL` | Sets the early log level for `calico/node`. | Provider specific[^0] | `DEBUG` |
| `FELIX_LOGSEVERITYSCREEN` | Sets the log level for `calico/felix`. | Provider specific[^0] | `DEBUG` |

[^0]: For the valid values, consult your provider documentation.

## Limitations

> Components using `nodeports` may have their own specific way to specify the port numbers for NodePorts,
> and they may need to be changed at the same time as the `nodePortRange`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components using `nodeports` may have their own specific way of specifying the port numbers for NodePorts,
and these may need to be changed simultaneusly with the `nodePortRange`.
```

Reviewer 2: @MagdaDziadosz - spellings of simultaneously
